# CRUD

Code Classes:

**100s**
Provides info regarding the status of transmissions

**200s**
Indicate successful operations. 

200, for example, indicates that the request was successful.

201 indicates that the request to create was successful.

202, for example, indicates that a request is valid, even if its result will not be fulfilled until for a period limited by network capacities.  

204, for example, indicates that an update was successful with no new content.  

**300s**
These codes indicate redirection errors.  For example, 308 permanent redirectly redirects the request to a new location.  

**400s**
Mot common error codes. For example, 410 indicates that the resource used to exist but is no longer available.  403 indicates that the request source does not have adequate permissions to view the requested resource.

**500s**
Sever error codes.  500 means there was an internal server error. 

# REST APIs

We need to pull our MongoDB string out of our server and put it into the .env file in order to access the database through the frontend. 

Middleware acts as a bridge between differing computational systems, making them compatible notwithstanding their hardware or software.

app.use(express.json); is a middleware function that parses JSON data. 

Using express, `/:id` is a routing parameter that can take in an user defined ID. 

Wheres PUT and PATCH are both used for updating, PUT is used to update entire programs, while PATCH is used on only a segment. 

Using Mongoose, new schemas can be created using a similar syntax as constructor functions.

EX:
const Schema = new mongoose.Schema({
  name: {
    type: String, required: true
  }
});




