# Video and Audio

Initiallly audio adn vieo was supported by native plugins like Flash.  Due to their limited accessibility, they were overcome by HTML solutions in the form of video and audio elements.  

### Video Specs

src attribute routes a path to the embedded video.

control attribute allows you to contextualize a media interface which controls factors like playback speed, start, stop, volume, etc. 

### Fallback content

Fallback content is an accessibility port which can be used to render a link to an older version of the video, or a discription, in the case that the video cannot be uploaded to the document.  

Once upon a time, audio had a child with a camera, and out came video.  The end.

# CSS Grid 

Grid is a two- dimensional positioning methodology that solves the problems of float, inline-positioning, and flex.

Flex can only postion through one dimension.  Grid can be modulated through two dimensions.  

### Grid Container

The element through which the rule "display: grid" is utilized. 
All children within the container are subject to grid.

### Grid Line

Composes the lines of the grid. 

### Grid Item 

The grid items are the children of the grid container.  

# Responsive Images 

Images do not appeat exclusively on wide screen laptops.  When the content is displayed on a slim tab, or through a mobile device, it is important to consider how the images transform through the sizing difference in order to maximize accessibility and aesthetic pleasentness. 

### Image Attributes

srcset attribute enumerates a list of images to be used depending on the size of the display, as well as their sizes.

sizes attribute denotes the conditional viewport sizes through which the document determines which image to use.  

srcset is more useful than CSS and JS because it interacts with the device through a set of conditions in a plain manner.





